Rewrite replication verify step (#1097)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/modules/redisearch/redisearch-2-upgrade.md

        ```

    1. Stop the processes that are sending requests to the source database so all of the data gets synchronized to the destination database.

>     1. Verify that the replication is complete by comparing the number of indexed documents on FT.INFO on both source and destination database.

Reviewer: And example here would do wonders. Maybe show the relevant part of the FT.INFO output? Also, please link "FT.INFO"  to its documentation.

>     1. Verify that the replication is complete by comparing the number of indexed documents on FT.INFO on both source and destination database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Verify that the replication is complete by comparing the number of indexed documents on FT.INFO on both source and destination databases until the number of indexed documents is the same in the source and destination databases.
```
